Young Master Yang Young Master Yang
Are you all right?
How could this be?
Xuanyuan Sword cannot be pulled out without Qing Jun
After non-performance
And you have no merit or virtue
how dare
This sword is a tribute to your sister
It is not a tool for your thinking
Read on your sister's love
I don't care about you
Leave now, Your Highness
I will spare you
Otherwise, don't blame my subordinates for being ruthless
Impossible Yan Jiagong is unparalleled
As the flute of the Yan family
How could he not pull out this blood sword?
Yan Zhang Ruyan's family is with you
So many years
Inch work not seen
The glory of the enemy is made by working hard on the mud steps
It's not the capital you use to teach Wuwei
Inch work not built
I'm afraid you don't know yet
The Realm of Dao Grandmasters
Add merit and glory
But today after you witnessed me a little bit
Will help me
Ask the Qing army for a chance to apprentice
borrow a teacher
The disciples of the Qing army met
Uncle can't pull anything out
Young Master Yan, you want to worship the Qing army and march north
The face of the king
It is impossible for the Qing army not to give it.
At that time, swallow
Isn't the son the first disciple of the Qing army?
Can get the Qing army's life
Young Master Yan has a bright future
Maybe it will be the next Qing army?
Say so
This Mysterious Edge Sword
Today, the son will definitely be able to pull it out
Pan Xueyan, you look
I have an apprentice, Qingjun
Become the Daughter of the Dragon
This trash
Just a pool of mud
What are you comparing to me?
Worship Qingjun
You are not eligible